LAWS
In Tennessee, it is illegal to shoot any game other than whales from a
moving automobile.
In Thailand, it is illegal to leave your house if you are not wearing underwear. 
Philippines: Cars whose license plates end with a 1 or 2 are not allowed on the roads on Monday, 3 or 4 on Tuesday, 5 or 6 on Wednesday, 7 or 8 on Thursday, and 9 or 0 on Friday from 7:00 A.
In Singapore, bungee jumping is illegal.
In Singapore, failure to flush a public toilet after use may result in very heft fines.
In the UK, it is legal for a male to urinate in public, as long as it is on the rear wheel of his motor vehicle and his right hand is on the vehicle. 
In the UK, placing a postage stamp that bears the Queen (or King) upside down is considered treason.
In VA, If one is not married, it is illegal for him to have sexual relations.
In VA, You may not have oral or anal sex
In VA, It is illegal to tickle women.
In VA, No animal may be hunted for on Sunday with the exception of raccoons, which may be hunted until 2:00 AM.
In Maryland, thistles may not grow in one’s yard. 
In Baltimore, MD, it is illegal to take a lion to the movies.
In Baltimore, MD, It’s illegal to throw bales of hay from a second-story window within the city limits.
In WV, Whistling underwater is prohibited.
In PA, It it illegal to sleep on top of a refrigerator outdoors.
In PA, You may not catch a fish with your hands.
In PA, A special cleaning ordinance bans housewives from hiding dirt and dust under a rug in a dwelling.
In DE, It is illegal to fly over any body of water, unless one is carrying sufficient supplies of food and drink.
In Rehoboth Beach,  DE, No person shall pretend to sleep on a bench on the boardwalk.
In Lewes, DE, It is illegal to wear pants that are “firm fitting” around the waist.
In NC, It is a felony to steal more than $1000 of grease
In NC, It’s against the law to sing off key.
It’s illegal to ride an ugly horse in Wilbur, Washington
In NC, Elephants may not be used to plow cotton fields.
It is against Michigan state law to tie a crocodile to a fire hydrant
Colorado law states that a man cannot marry his wife’s grandmother
A woman in Memphis, Tennessee, is not allowed to drive a car unless a man is in front of the car waving a red flag to warn people and other cars.
Pickles were outlawed in Los Angeles because the smell might offend people
Women in Whitesville, Delaware, could be charged with disorderly conduct if they propose marriage to a man.
In Lexington, Kentucky, it is against the law to carry an ice cream cone in a pocket.





TRIVIA
A "jiffy" is an actual unit of time for 1/100th of a second. 
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge. 
A grasshopper has 100 more distinct muscles than a human. 
An average person laughs about 15 times a day. 
American car horns beep in the tone of F.
A duck’s quack doesn’t echo and no one knows why.
Mel Blanc (the voice of Bugs Bunny) was allergic to carrots.
Ten percent of the Russian government's income comes from the sale of vodka.
In eighteenth-century English gambling dens, there was an employee whose only job was to swallow the dice if there was a police raid.
For some time Frederic Chopin, the composer and pianist, wore a beard on only one side of his face, explaining: "It does not matter, my audience sees only my right side."
Donald Duck's middle name is Fauntleroy.



Sayings

"Criminal lawyer" is a redundancy. 
Youth is such a wonderful thing.  What a crime to waste it on children.
-- George Bernard Shaw
A mathematician knows how to solve a problem, but can't do it. — Milne 
Base 8 is just like base 10, if you are missing two fingers. — Tom Lehrer 
A man is incomplete until he is married. After that, he is finished. — Zsa Zsa Gabor 
Beware of programmers who carry screwdrivers. — Leonard Brandwein 
A preposition is a terrible word to end a sentence with. — William Safire
A witty saying proves nothing. — Voltaire 
A yawn is a silent shout. — G. K. Chesterton 
All generalizations are dangerous, even this one. — Dumas 
An empty man is full of himself. — Edward Abbey 
Flattery is like cologne: To be smelled, but not swallowed. — Josh Billings 
The whole world is a tuxedo and you are a pair of brown shoes. -- George Gobel
I spilled spot remover on my dog. He's gone now. – Steven Wright
When I said that I cleaned my room, I just meant I made a path from the doorway to my bed.
Friday is my second favorite F word.
I'm not clumsy! The floor just hates me, the table and chairs are bullies, and the walls get in my way.
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my grandfather did-in his sleep. Not yelling and screaming like the passengers in his car. -- Bob Monkhouse
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won't expect it back. -- Oscar Wilde
I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by. -- Douglas Adams



Fortune cookies:
A man who goes to bed with itchy butt wakes up with smelly fingers.
Does a man who eats multicolor beans have Technicolor farts?
He who drop watch in whisky, wasting time.
Man kicked in testicles, left holding bag.
He who masturbate only screwing self.
Man who walk through airport door sideways is going to Bangkok.
She who put detergent on top shelf, jump for Joy.
It takes many nails to build crib, but only one screw to fill it.
He who jump off cliff, jump to conclusion!
A backward poet writes inverse. 
A chicken crossing the road is poultry in motion.
A clean tie attracts the soup of the day. 
A day without orange juice is like a day without orange juice. 
A Freudian slip is when you say one thing but mean your mother. 
A sadist is a masochist who follows the Golden Rule.
Acupuncture is a jab well done. 
Adultery: Putting yourself in someone else's position. 
Bacteria are the only culture some people have. 
"For example" is not proof. — Yiddish proverb 
A closed mouth gathers no foot. 
Anything is possible, unless it is not. 
A day for firm decisions!!!!!  Or is it?
Bridge ahead.  Pay troll.
Give thought to your reputation.  Consider changing name and moving to a new town.
Go to a movie tonight.  Darkness becomes you.
People are beginning to notice you.  Try dressing before you leave the house.
Today is National Existential Ennui Awareness Day.
Tomorrow will be cancelled due to lack of interest.
When an agnostic dies, does he go to the "great perhaps"?
Why is the time of day with the slowest traffic called rush hour?
Atheism is a nonprophet organization.
And whose cruel idea was it for the word "Lisp" to have an "S" in it?
A journey of a thousand sites begins with a single click. 





