TN	It is illegal to shoot any game other than whales from a moving automobile.
Thailand	It is illegal to leave your house if you are not wearing underwear. 
Philippines	Cars whose license plates end with a 1 or 2 are not allowed on the roads on Monday, 3 or 4 on Tuesday, 5 or 6 on Wednesday, 7 or 8 on Thursday, and 9 or 0 on Friday.
Singapore	Bungee jumping is illegal.
Singapore	Failure to flush a public toilet after use may result in very heft fines.
UK	It is legal for a male to urinate in public, as long as it is on the rear wheel of his motor vehicle and his right hand is on the vehicle.
UK	Placing a postage stamp that bears the Queen (or King) upside down is considered treason.
VA	If one is not married, it is illegal for him to have sexual relations.
VA	You may not have oral or anal sex.
VA	It is illegal to tickle women.
VA	No animal may be hunted for on Sunday with the exception of raccoons, which may be hunted until 2:00 AM.
MD	Thistles may not grow in one’s yard. 
Baltimore, MD	It is illegal to take a lion to the movies.
Baltimore, MD	It’s illegal to throw bales of hay from a second-story window within the city limits.
WV	Whistling underwater is prohibited.
PA	It it illegal to sleep on top of a refrigerator outdoors.
PA	You may not catch a fish with your hands.
PA	A special cleaning ordinance bans housewives from hiding dirt and dust under a rug in a dwelling.
DE	It is illegal to fly over any body of water, unless one is carrying sufficient supplies of food and drink.
Rehoboth Beach, DE	No person shall pretend to sleep on a bench on the boardwalk.
Lewes, DE	It is illegal to wear pants that are “firm fitting” around the waist.
NC	It is a felony to steal more than $1000 of grease.
NC	It’s against the law to sing off key.
Wilbur, WA	It’s illegal to ride an ugly horse in Wilbur, Washington.
NC	Elephants may not be used to plow cotton fields.
MI	It's against the law to tie a crocodile to a fire hydrant.
CO	A man cannot marry his wife’s grandmother.
Memphis, TN	A woman is not allowed to drive a car unless a man is in front of the car waving a red flag to warn people and other cars.
LA, CA	Pickles were outlawed because the smell might offend people.
Whitesville, DE	Women could be charged with disorderly conduct if they propose marriage to a man.
Lexington, KY	It is against the law to carry an ice cream cone in a pocket.



