A "jiffy" is an actual unit of time for 1/100th of a second. 
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge. 
A grasshopper has 100 more distinct muscles than a human. 
An average person laughs about 15 times a day. 
American car horns beep in the tone of F.
A duck’s quack doesn’t echo and no one knows why.
Mel Blanc (the voice of Bugs Bunny) was allergic to carrots.
Ten percent of the Russian government's income comes from the sale of vodka.
In eighteenth-century English gambling dens, there was an employee whose only job was to swallow the dice if there was a police raid.
For some time Frederic Chopin, the composer and pianist, wore a beard on only one side of his face, explaining: "It does not matter, my audience sees only my right side."
Donald Duck's middle name is Fauntleroy.
Ostriches are used to guard sheep in Africa.
Egyptians slept on pillows of rock.
A group of frogs is called an army, and a group of toads is called a knot.
The first copyrighted motion pictures was "Record of a Sneeze," a short film in 1894.
One quarter of Canada's population lives within 100 miles of Toronto.
Ontario's first license plates were made of leather.
Kailash Singh, an Indian man, has not bathed since 1974.
After making a donation to a large Detroit church, Iraq dictator Saddam Hussein was given the key to Detroit.
A micromort is a tiny measure of of potential deadliness--one micromort equals a one-in-a-million possibility of death. 
Fossilized rose remnants have been found that date back 35 million years.
The total number of LEGO bricks used in The LEGO Movie was 15,080,330--not counting the characters.
Rupert Grint (Ron Weasley) owns an ice cream truck and drives around England to hand out free ice cream bars to children.
"Wiki" is Hawaiian for "quick," and "pedia" from "encyclopedia." Wikipedia = quick encyclopedia.
Rhinecanthus aculeatus, a lagoon trigger fish, is called Humuhumunukunukuapua'a in Hawaii.
Canada has more lakes than all the other countries combined.
Orchid comes from the Greek orchis, which literally translates as "testicle."
Susan B. Anthony was fined $100 for voting for Ulysses S. Grant in the 1872 election--women did not get the right to vote in federal elections until 1920. She never paid the fine. 
Only two people remain who are fluent in Ayapaneco, but they refuse to talk to each other.
"Strategic incompetence" is the art of avoiding certain tasks by pretending you don't know how to do them.
Alfred Hitchcock didn't have a belly button.
Frogs can't swallow without blinking.
At the Wife Carrying World Championships in Finland, the first prize is the wife's weight in beer.
There are no bears native to the continent of Australia (koalas are not bears).
The Bible is the most shoplifted book in the world.

